Aren't you happy?
I am not happy that you are qualified with me
Tired, I'll push you to rest.
Then I'll go clean up the guest room
WenYuan
Wait a minute.
What's wrong? I get scared when I sleep alone.
What are you afraid of? I'm here.
Since the last time I was pushed from upstairs
So I did it every night.
500 people in the room
What are you still doing here?
bitch
You should have died with my mother
What are you saying?
You got your wish
And Yunchu
Just wanted to see me one last time before going abroad
Why don't you let him go?
I don't have you to shut up
If grandma hadn't forced me
I press
I will never marry a woman with a venomous heart like you
I heard that if anything goes wrong
You're just waiting to go to hell
Nonsense, it's you who's sorry for Wenyan
I didn't mean that.
or
I'm leaving. Where are you going?
It's the culprit who should go
I don't think I can use the guest room.
You live with me
No matter how much I love
You are also in your heart only next time
You never look at me
6 things you hate about me so much